# Fist of Legend: A Classic Martial Arts Film Starring Jet Li
 
Fist of Legend is a 1994 Hong Kong martial arts film directed by Gordon Chan and starring Jet Li as Chen Zhen, a Chinese student who returns to Shanghai in 1937 during the Japanese occupation. He learns that his kung-fu master has died in a fight against a Japanese champion and vows to avenge his death. The film is a remake of Bruce Lee's 1972 film Fist of Fury, but with a different plot and historical setting.
 
**Download File ⇒⇒⇒ [https://t.co/6gEecYnwlD](https://t.co/6gEecYnwlD)**


 
The film was praised for its realistic and authentic fight choreography, which was supervised by Yuen Woo-ping, who also worked with Jet Li on Once Upon a Time in China and The Matrix trilogy. The film also features Japanese actors Shinobu Nakayama, Yasuaki Kurata and Billy Chow as Chen Zhen's love interest, rival and nemesis respectively. The film was a box office success in Hong Kong and Asia, and received positive reviews from critics and audiences worldwide.
 
Fist of Legend is widely regarded as one of the best martial arts films of all time, and one of Jet Li's finest performances. The film has been released on various formats, including DVD, Blu-ray and digital download. The Blu-ray version released by Ganool has a resolution of 720p and a file size of 800MB. It also has English subtitles and multiple audio tracks.
 
Fist of Legend subtitles English,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay 1080p X264 H@M,  Fist of Legend 1994 Jet Li movie,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay US 720p x264 AC3,  Fist of Legend 1994 REMASTERED DVDRip XviD,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay 720P AC3,  Fist of Legend 1994 martial arts film,  Fist of Legend 1994 MULTi 720p 1080p BluRay x264,  Fist of Legend 1994 mHD x264-z07,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay UK AVC DTS-HD MA,  Fist of Legend 精武英雄 Jing wu ying xiong,  Fist of Legend 1994 BRrip Ganool,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay.2Audio.MiniSD-TLF,  Fist of Legend 1994 directed by Gordon Chan,  Fist of Legend 1994 action choreography by Yuen Woo-ping,  Fist of Legend 1994 remake of The Chinese Connection,  Fist of Legend 1994 starring Jet Li and Shinobu Nakayama,  Fist of Legend 1994 DVDrip ENG Dubbed MissRipZ,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay.1080p.2Audio.TrueHD.2.0.x265.10bit,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay x264 FLHD,  Fist of Legend 1994 DVDRip X264 DualAudio AAC HALFCD,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay x264 EbP,  Fist of Legend 1994 mHD Bluray AC3 x264 TRiM,  Fist of Legend 1994 set in Shanghai under Japanese occupation,  Fist of Legend 1994 based on the life of Chen Zhen,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay Ganool HD subtitles,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay DL Robby subtitles,  Fist of Legend 1994 fist fight scene with Ryuichi Akutagawa,  Fist of Legend 1994 final showdown with General Fujita,  Fist of Legend 1994 soundtrack by Joseph Koo and Chan Kwong-wing,  Fist of Legend 1994 BluRay ROUGH subtitles,  Fist of Legend 1994 Cam Jet Li ENG DUB DivX,  Fist of Legend 1994 Persian subtitles Subdl.com,  Fist of Legend 1994 Czech subtitles opensubtitles.com,  Fist of Legend 1994 Vietnamese subtitles subscene.com ,  Fist of legend 1080p avi english dubb yahoo.com ,  Fist Of Legend manual corrected Indonesian subtitle ,  Phụ đề dịch khá hay nè Vietnamese subtitle ,  fist.of.legend.www.calorifix.net.v02.2005.01.21 French subtitle ,  fist.of.legend [www.calorifix.net].v02.2005.01.21 French subtitle ,  L Arabic subtitle NAMUR ,  L Arabic subtitle NAMUR ,  L Persian subtitle Hoai Trung ,  L Persian subtitle nikusor665 ,  L English subtitle xoltar ,  L English subtitle H.A.B ,  L Malay subtitle norizampkg ,  L Czech subtitle Black knight ,  L Romanian subtitle Black knight ,  L Arabic subtitle reda bombo
  
Meanwhile, the Japanese forces in Shanghai plan to assassinate General Zeng, the commander of the 19th Route Army of the National Revolutionary Army, with the help of Qing Bang, a local gang led by Huo Ting'an's elder brother Huo Tingwei. Chen discovers that Huo Tingwei is colluding with the Japanese and goes to warn General Zeng. Along the way, he encounters Mitsuko, who has followed him to China. Chen saves Mitsuko from a group of Qing Bang thugs and sends her to stay at Jingwu School temporarily.
 
Chen arrives at a park where General Zeng is meeting his men and defeats Fujita, a Japanese military officer who tries to kill Zeng. Chen then escapes with Zeng and his men. The next day, Chen confronts Huo Tingwei at his nightclub and defeats him in front of everyone. Huo Tingwei is humiliated and commits suicide by hanging himself. The Japanese forces then stage a raid on Jingwu School and arrest all the students and teachers. They also take Mitsuko hostage and demand Chen to surrender himself in exchange for her release.
 
Chen goes to the Japanese consulate alone to meet Yamada, a Japanese diplomat who is actually a spy and the mastermind behind Huo Yuanjia's death. Yamada admits that he poisoned Huo before his match against Akutagawa and challenges Chen to a fight. Chen agrees and fights Yamada in a steel cage while being watched by Funakoshi, Akutagawa, Fujita and other Japanese officials. Chen defeats Yamada but spares his life, saying that he only wants justice for his master and not revenge.
 
Chen then frees Mitsuko and prepares to leave with her. However, Fujita refuses to accept defeat and shoots Chen several times with a pistol. Chen manages to grab Fujita's gun and shoots him dead before collapsing. Akutagawa is shocked and enraged by Fujita's dishonorable act and he helps Chen up. He tells Chen that he respects him as a worthy opponent and hopes that they will meet again in a fair match. Chen smiles and walks away with Mitsuko while being supported by Funakoshi.
 8cf37b1e13
 
